Welcome to Storyflix. In this video, we will
explain the second part of Squid Game. Squid
Game is a Netflix original series about people
who have all struggled financially in life.
They were then invited to play a mysterious
survival competition with deadly twists. How
terrible is this bloody game? Let's find out
in Squid Game, Part 2. Squid Game Part 2 begins
in a large room where players who have completed
the cotton candy challenge are gathered. The
committee came in to bring some soju and boiled
eggs, then ordered the participants to queue
up one by one. Because they were still hungry
and thirsty, Deok Su and his men entered the
queue again. It turned out that the committee
had prepared the right number of snacks for
the participants. So that some participants
did not get food and drink. A participant
who was angry because he did not get a snack
then came to Deok Su. But he is not an opponent
for Deok Su. Doek Su even beat him until he
was battered and dead. Suddenly, the incident
took everyone by surprise. Gi Hoon then asked
the committee to take firm action on Deok
Su. But the organizers of the game don't care
what happens outside of the game. The death
of the participant made the prize money increase
because the number of participants was decreasing.
This then gave an idea to Deok Su. He plans
to kill the other contestants to have less
competition and secure his chances of winning.
Deok Su then arranges a plan with his men
and intends to carry out their actions while
everyone is asleep. However, the other participants
had also anticipated the possibility of an
attack from Deok Su and his men. Unknowingly,
they too have been divided into several groups
trying to cooperate and protect their group
members. On the other hand, several committee
members were seen working with one participant.
They were about to do something that the game
organizers didn't know. One committee even
manipulated the CCTV camera footage in the
control room. It turned out that the participant
was a doctor who worked with the committee
to perform autopsies on the bodies of the
eliminated participants. They took vital organs
from the participants' bodies and then sold
them on the black market so they could earn
money. In return, the doctor gets information
about the next game to prepare himself and
have a great chance of winning it. In the
evening, the participants were asked to rest,
and the lights were turned off. After all
the lights went out, Deok Su and his men immediately
carried out their cruel actions. The huge
room in an instant turned into a slaughter
site filled with screams of pain and loud
crashing sounds. The darkness and completeness
made it difficult for the participants to
save themselves. After making sure Sang Woo
and Ali are okay, Gi Hoon and the two then
look for Il Nam. But the old man was not in
his bed. Apparently, Il Nam had managed to
save himself by climbing into the top bed.
He then shouted for the participants not to
kill each other. After the old man said this,
suddenly the light came on, then the committee
members entered the room and secured the situation.
The big room looked very messy and horrific,
with corpses and blood splattered everywhere.
The committee acted quickly to evacuate the
participants' bodies. After the fateful incident,
the participants were then gathered in another
room and asked to form groups of ten people.
Having received information about the game
today, the doctor then informed Deok Su and
joined his group. While the other participants
chose their groups randomly, and Gi Hoon chose
his group consisting of his closest friends
during the game, such as Sang Woo, Ali, and
Il Nam. It turns out that the game in this
round is a tug of war. But not like the usual
tug of war. The participants will do tug of
war above a height so that the losing team
will immediately fall from a height and die.
After knowing the game they will be playing,
Gi Hoon is worried because there are three
women and one grandfather whose physical condition
is not so good in his team. Gi Hoon's team
then became an easy target for other teams
that looked stronger. Long story short, Gi
Hoon's team finally got their turn to compete
against other participating teams who looked
stronger than them. Sang Woo had already felt
desperate because his team members weren't
as strong as their opponents. But then, Il
Nam tells some tips and tricks in a tug of
war that they can do to win the match this
time. They need to work together and cultivate
a high sense of trust among team members.
Il Nam's trick proved successful early in
the game. However, because the difference
in the physical strength of Gi Hoon's team
and the opposing team is quite far, finally
Gi Hoon's team is getting more and more pressed
and has difficulty turning the situation around.
At crucial moments, Sang Woo asks his team
to take reckless actions by taking three steps
forward. If the timing is right, they will
knock down the opposing team and come out
victorious. Gi Hoon and the others seem to
be indecisive, but they finally decide to
follow Sang Woo's words because they believe
in him. After trying their hardest, Gi Hoon's
team managed to turn things around and win
the match. After the tug of war ended, the
number of remaining participants became 40,
and the nominal amount of prize money is now
doubled.
The participants' bodies who were eliminated
from the tug of war game were collected, and
the committee called the doctor to perform
an organ harvesting operation. This time,
Joon Ho was assigned by a committee to participate
in organ delivery. There, Joon Ho could only
witness the cruelty of the organizers who
used the participants' bodies to get money
without being able to do anything. As usual,
the doctor asked the committee for a reward
for completing his task. But organizers say
they have not been notified by the organizers
of the games to be played next. Suddenly the
doctor panicked and got angry because Deok
Su would kill him if he couldn't provide any
information regarding the next game. The doctor
then attacked one of the committee members
and killed him with a surgical knife. After
that, he ran away from the committee, down
the winding dark alleys until he arrived at
the arena of the curry game. A committee who
managed to catch up to him then cornered the
doctor and told him not to act rashly because
he didn't want Frontman to know what they
were doing. However, unbeknownst to them,
Frontman already knew all about their actions
and did not hesitate to kill the corrupt committee
members. After that, Frontman took the doctor's
life. Frontman didn't care about the corrupt
actions of some of his subordinates. But he
highly values ??justice and equality in the
game. Therefore, Frontman cannot tolerate
any participant receiving special treatment
from the committee or game organizer. On the
other hand, Joon Ho and one of the organizers
walk down the hall and infiltrate one of the
secret passages that have been prepared for
organ delivery. After successfully reaching
the end of the secret passage, the committee
suddenly pointed a knife at Joon Ho's neck.
It turns out that they have been observing
his suspicious movements all this time. Having
been caught, Joon Ho takes off his mask, but
he manages to threaten the committee and shoots
him in the head. After successfully killing
a committee member, Joon Ho infiltrates the
Frontman's room and intends to find information
about his brother's whereabouts. On the other
hand, Frontman and his men comb the entire
area to hunt down corrupt organizers. Frontman
and his men managed to find a secret passage
that Joon Ho had passed and found the body
of a committee member there. He then examined
the committee's corpse and found a bullet
casing in his forehead. From the bullet, he
was able to confirm that the bullet came from
a police gun. Frontman then mobilizes all
his men to hunt down the intruder throughout
the game area. Meanwhile, Joon Ho, who was
in the Frontman's room, checked room after
room warily. He finally finds a slightly hidden
archive room. There were many shelves filled
with files from the players who had followed
the game several years ago. He then checked
the files the same year his brother disappeared.
As he had predicted, he received information
about his brother, who had indeed been a participant
in the game. It's time to start a new game.
The participants were shocked by the horrific
sight of the bodies of several committee members
and the doctor being hanged on their way to
the location of the game. The game organizers
issued an official apology and warned that
what happened to the doctor and the organizers
could happen to all of them if they cheated.
The participants were then asked to pair up.
Since the number of players remaining is thirty-nine,
one person cannot participate in the game.
Everyone is looking for their respective partners,
but no one wants to partner with Il Nam because
they think they will play a game that requires
physical strength, and with his weak physical
condition, they are afraid that they can't
win the match. Gi Hoon, who feels sorry, finally
chooses Il Nam to be his partner. Everyone
has got their respective partners except Min
Ryong. She was immediately taken away by the
committee to another place. After arriving
at the game location, the participants are
given ten marbles each. The players are given
thirty minutes to pick up their partner's
marbles, and the player who manages to get
twenty marbles at the end of the game, is
declared to have passed this game and has
the right to continue the game in the next
round. There is no specific rule about how
the participants take the marbles belonging
to their opponents. They may use various means,
and the committee will only supervise them.
Gi Hoon has to be extra patient to explain
the procedure for this game to Il Nam. Because
Il Nam is senile, he just walks around and
wastes time, ignoring the games that are going
on. This makes Gi Hoon angry and yells at
him. Finally, Il Nam came to his senses and
started playing. Gi Hoon and Il Nam play a
simple game where they only have to guess
the number of marbles in their hands, whether
odd or even. Unexpectedly, Il Nam managed
to guess several times correctly so that his
marbles increased and Gi Hoon's marbles decreased.
Gi Hoon panicked even more because the committee
monitoring them was getting ready to fire
bullets at him. On the other hand, Sang Woo
is paired with Ali. They both play a fair
game, and Ali almost wins the game for getting
more marbles than Sang Woo. Ali, who is soft-hearted,
feels sorry and bad for Sang Woo. But Sang
Woo scolds him and says that one of them will
surely die. Sang Woo, who had lost, was playing
cunningly. He took advantage of Ali's innocence
and exchanged Ali's marbles for the stones
he had collected. Sang Woo finally came out
victorious. On the other hand, Sa Byeok is
paired with a girl named Ji Yeong. The two
women instead decided to have a chat. Ji Yeong
then realizes that Sa Byeok deserves to be
the winner because she is fighting to stay
alive for her sister in the orphanage, while
Ji Yeong has no one else since she killed
her cruel father. Ji Yeong deliberately succumbs
so that Sa Byeok can win the game this time.
Back to Gi Hoon and Il Nam, the two continue
to play until Gi Hoon's marbles are only one
left. On the last chance, Gi Hoon almost lost
because his guess was wrong. But as it turns
out, Il Nam's senile disease recurs, and the
old man forgets his guess. Gi Hoon then took
advantage of this, and the incident continued
until he managed to turn things around. Gi
Hoon now has many marbles, and Il Nam only
has one marble. Time goes on and is almost
up, but Il Nam is stalling for time. The old
man then tells Gi Hoon to play one more round
risking all the marbles they have. But Gi
Hoon refuses because Il Nam only has one marble,
while he has nineteen marbles. Il Nam then
reveals that all this time, he only pretended
to be senile and knew all of Gi Hoon's tricks.
But he deliberately let Gi Hoon fool him.
Gi Hoon immediately feels guilty to Il Nam
for deceiving him. The man felt ashamed of
himself for fooling an old geezer for his
benefit. Il Nam did not mind this. He took
Gi Hoon's hand and gave his one last marble.
He then expressed his gratitude to Gi Hoon,
because he always cared for him during the
game. Il Nam then hugged Gi Hoon tightly and
said that he was very happy in the last days
of his life thanks to him, who was always
by his side. Thirty minutes had passed, and
game time was up. The participants who did
not have marbles, such as Il Nam, Ali, and
Ji Yeong, were declared unsuccessful and eliminated
by being shot dead. The second part of the
Squid Game ends. The second part of the Squid
Game showed Gi Hoon and Sa Byeok, devastated
because their partner had to be eliminated.
Sadness is also etched on Sang Woo's face
because he was forced to trick Ali to continue
the game. What will happen to Gi Hoon and
the other participants who are still alive?
And will Joon Ho be able to uncover who the
mastermind behind the ruthless game syndicate
is? Wait for the next part, here on Storyflix.